update sysdig onboarding doc (#781)
BCDevOps/platform-services: monitoring/sysdig/docs/sysdigteam_user_guide.md

## Step 1 - Login to Sysdig
First thing first, please have you and your team login to Sysdig to create the user account. Our Sysdig uses OpenID Connect, and requires a Github account.

- Navigate to the BCDevOps Sysdig Monitor URL [https://app.sysdigcloud.com/api/oauth/openid/bcdevops](https://app.sysdigcloud.com/api/oauth/openid/bcdevops)
  - Alternatively, navigate to [https://app.sysdigcloud.com](https://app.sysdigcloud.com), select OpenID, and type in `BCDevOps` as the company
- Upon login, you will be presented with a default page. You may be directed to the **Catchall Team** which has access to no resources at the moment (you'll see them after the team access is created in later steps!)
- Find your name initial icon at the bottom left corner. There you can see the email address that represents your account.
  - **Note** that Sysdig identifies users by the email, so it's important to use the correct email addr for yourself as well as your team members

## Step 2 - Create Sysdig Team Access

> We are running an OpenShift Operator in the background that creates Sysdig RBAC and dashboard for you. The operator is looking for a `sysdig-team` custom resource from your `*-tools` namespace. Here are what's gonna happen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are running an OpenShift Operator in the background that creates Sysdig RBAC and dashboard for you. The operator is looking for a `sysdig-team` custom resource from your `*-tools` namespace. The `sysdig-team` resource will:
```
